[plugin-electron] Introduce embedded set of properties (#3229)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-electron.adoc

implementation(group: 'org.vividus', name: 'vividus-plugin-electron', version: '{current-version}')
----

== Profile

> Available profile is `desktop/electron`. It should be used together with `web/desktop/chrome`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The available profile is `desktop/electron`. It should be used together with `web/desktop/chrome`.
```

> .build.gradle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.configuration.properties
```

[source,properties]
----
configuration.profiles=desktop/electron,web/desktop/chrome
----

== Properties

NOTE: The properties marked with *bold* are mandatory.

[cols="6,3,2,6", options="header"]
|===
|Property Name
|Acceptable values
|Default
|Description

|*`electron-app.binary-path`*

> |Absolute path to the application executable file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|An absolute file path.
```

> |Not set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|
```

> |The path to the application under test executable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The path to the executable file of the application under test.
```

|*`electron-app.chromium-version`*

> |The chromium version used to build the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The version string, e.g. `102`
```

> |Not set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|
```

a|The simplies way to determine version of the chromium used within your application is to run the tests without this property and then you should recieve error message like this one:

image::chrome-driver-version.png[]

TIP: Use major version e.g. `102.0`

|`electron-app.comamand-line-arguments`
|Space separated list of arguments.

> |Not set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|<empty>
```

> |Allows to set the command line arguments for the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The list of command line arguments for the application.
```
